Target dependency graph (16 targets)
libfirehose_kernel in libdispatch, no dependencies
libfirehose_kernel in libdispatch, no dependencies
libfirehose_server in libdispatch, no dependencies
libfirehose_server in libdispatch, no dependencies
libdispatch dyld stub in libdispatch, no dependencies
libdispatch dyld stub in libdispatch, no dependencies
libdispatch mp static in libdispatch, no dependencies
libdispatch mp static in libdispatch, no dependencies
libdispatch in libdispatch, depends on:
libfirehose_server in libdispatch (explicit)
libdispatch mp static in libdispatch (explicit)
libdispatch dyld stub in libdispatch (explicit)
libdispatch in libdispatch, depends on:
libfirehose_server in libdispatch (explicit)
libdispatch mp static in libdispatch (explicit)
libdispatch dyld stub in libdispatch (explicit)
libdispatch_driverkit in libdispatch, no dependencies
libdispatch_driverkit in libdispatch, no dependencies
libdispatch no resolver in libdispatch, no dependencies
libdispatch no resolver in libdispatch, no dependencies
libdispatch introspection in libdispatch, no dependencies
libdispatch introspection in libdispatch, no dependencies